README.md, before:

# SpaceHunt 
## A space-based role playing game for one player.

In SpaceHunt, the player commands the Galactic Schooner, OldSpice. The goal of the game is to locate the ancient recipe for Koca-Kola which was stolen by BadMax and his interstellar gang of henchmen, and hidden on an unknown planet in the Pentium System. While it is unknown which of Pentium’s seven planets (Pentium-1 through Pentium-7) holds the secret recipe, the strong box containing the prize is fitted with a transmitter that sends out a beacon. This beacon can be detected aboard OldSpice when it is within orbital distance of the planet.

## Usage example
*

## Development setup

```sh
```

## Release History
*
## Meta


Distributed under the MIT license. See ``LICENSE`` for more information.

[https://github.com/karanokara/SpaceHunt/](https://github.com/karanokara/SpaceHunt/)

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/karanokara/SpaceHunt/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

<!-- Markdown link & img dfn's -->
[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/datadog-metrics.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/datadog-metrics
[npm-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/datadog-metrics.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/dbader/node-datadog-metrics/master.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/dbader/node-datadog-metrics
[wiki]: https://github.com/yourname/yourproject/wiki

Commit message:

fixed bug with abandoned freighter supply
- Fixed bug with always returning max supply (100)

- Changed readme.md

Signed-off-by: luissson <ljacometwitch@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# SpaceHunt 
## A space-based role playing game for one player.

In SpaceHunt, the player commands the Galactic Schooner, OldSpice. The goal of the game is to locate the ancient recipe for Koca-Kola which was stolen by BadMax and his interstellar gang of henchmen, and hidden on an unknown planet in the Pentium System. While it is unknown which of Pentium’s seven planets (Pentium-1 through Pentium-7) holds the secret recipe, the strong box containing the prize is fitted with a transmitter that sends out a beacon. This beacon can be detected aboard OldSpice when it is within orbital distance of the planet.

## Usage example
* Open index.html (works best with Chrome) and play

## Development setup

```sh
Download, write code
```

## Release History
*
## Meta


Distributed under the MIT license. See ``LICENSE`` for more information.

[https://github.com/karanokara/SpaceHunt/](https://github.com/karanokara/SpaceHunt/)

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/karanokara/SpaceHunt/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

<!-- Markdown link & img dfn's -->
[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/datadog-metrics.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/datadog-metrics
[npm-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/datadog-metrics.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/dbader/node-datadog-metrics/master.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/dbader/node-datadog-metrics
[wiki]: https://github.com/yourname/yourproject/wiki
